Dockerization (#5)
PZ-CTB/ctb-backend: README.md

# ctb-backend

> ## How to run

Reviewer: I suggest adding *what* we want to run and *where*, i.e.: "How to run the server in a Docker container?".

At the beginig you must create an image:
```
docker build . -t ctb
```

> The next step is starting container. For that you must type:

Reviewer: "The next step is starting container..." -> "Start a container:"

Try to keep it imperative.

```
docker run -d -p 8080:8080 ctb
```

> And then you should be able to open (in your browser) address: `https://localhost:8080/`.

Reviewer: Suggestion: "Check the connection to the server at localhost: ..."

> To shutdown the server, type:

Reviewer: It would be great to split the whole section of shutting down to another `##` (h2) just like we use it for launching a container instance.

```
docker ps
```

> The command shows ids of containers. To kill the container, you must execute the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command shows ids of containers. To kill the container, execute the command:
```

```
docker kill <id of the container>
```
f.e.:
```
docker kill 3fd7d783ce9a
```

If someone does not want searching the id, they could execute one command:
```
docker kill `docker container ls -q`
```

Whole test (killing old, building and starting the new one) can be done with one command:
```
docker kill `docker container ls -q` ; docker build . -t ctb && docker run -d -p 8080:8080 ctb
```

> In case of necessity of saving the database between every start of container,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of necessity of saving the database between every start of the container,
```

> it should be done binding of container's directory with host's directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it can be achieved by binding of container's directory with host's directory.
```

> The destination directory on the host must be created befor the binding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The destination directory on the host must be created before the binding.
```

> For example, for storing the database in <i>/tmp/ctb_opt</i>,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, for storing the database in */tmp/ctb_opt*,
```

Please avoid using raw HTML in Markdown ([official guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet)).

> it must be execuuted the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
execute the following command:
```
(imperative)

```
mkdir -p /tmp/ctb_opt
docker run -d -p 8080:8080 --mount type=bind,source=/tmp/ctb_opt,target=/var/ctb ctb
```

> Or if someone want do everything in one test, they should execute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run everything using one command, execute:
```
